Accompany me, add that our bodies are
join for the first time
and a flight but
life
they are putting expectations
by the neck
with my music oliver accompanied
of which the two bodies in a
opportunity
have your body
next to mine
here both cold
with a little
a scream of life a flight but save
life I lose myself in the world giving him the
world
plus
for the girls and let's see what it says
the hot reggaeton jury does not give you if
the barbie no no no no I do not say out there
what if I
what
I raised
Fortunately
will change the choreography
I showed everything I have to show to
everyone
very hard that will have shown him a
video where this was from a distance and I'm
dancing
this that was true
remember that the nose and all
diego remember also in memory
emotive that came in analysis
but got away with it head elsewhere
is with her
no no no I did not say that not only in
the colony
I feel like uncomfortable sir
I do not want to plant a quilombo less in
this world
I showed everything to my wife
no no
good attention good comes
the rematch is tremendous because
we work in the same place, not because
if it will not be drawn up in such an office
Once I see my wife at night
I want to kill but at least not
we work on the same and I understand
this work she also understands I
hard times are what's coming
because street dance and dance and
all those things that come the dancing
good what I see from you the face is already
who did not like it very much did not forget the
nose and the eyes are the ears are not
originate in my life is the love of my
life and this is just a bar
divine divine
avn here you put it is divine thank you
good gentlemen the score is coming you
I say and I still need to dance the isthmic bar
he was apparently happy
present this score stayed for
wash will be fine all calculation I have
my love
Y